---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "epilot-entitymapping_entity_mapping Data Source - terraform-provider-epilot-entitymapping"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EntityMapping DataSource
---

# epilot-entitymapping_entity_mapping (Data Source)

EntityMapping DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "epilot-entitymapping_entity_mapping" "my_entitymapping" {
  id = "70542580-2b38-4bfc-af8d-bb90102f9f47"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Mapping Config Id

### Read-Only

- `source` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))
- `targets` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))
- `version` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Read-Only:

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--config))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--source--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.config`

Read-Only:

- `entity_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--config--entity_ref))
- `journey_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source--config--journey_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--source--config--entity_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.config.entity_ref`

Read-Only:

- `entity_id` (String) id of the source entity to be mapped
- `entity_schema` (String) schema of the source entity


<a id="nestedatt--source--config--journey_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.config.journey_ref`

Read-Only:

- `journey_id` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Read-Only:

- `allow_failure` (Boolean) Pass it as true, when you don't want failures to interrupt the mapping process.
- `condition_mode` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `conditions` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `id` (String) Identifier for target configuration. Useful for later usages when trying to identify which target config to map to.
- `linkback_relation_attribute` (String) Relation attribute on the main entity where the target entity will be linked. Set to false to disable linkback
- `linkback_relation_tags` (List of String) Relation tags (labels) to include in main entity linkback relation attribute
- `loop_config` (Attributes) contains config in case of running in loop mode (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--loop_config))
- `mapping_attributes` (Attributes List) Attribute mappings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes))
- `name` (String) A name for this configuration
- `relation_attributes` (Attributes List) Relation mappings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--relation_attributes))
- `target_schema` (String) Schema of target entity
- `target_unique` (List of String) Unique key for target entity (see upsertEntity of Entity API)

<a id="nestedatt--targets--loop_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.loop_config`

Read-Only:

- `length` (Number) a hard limit of how many times the loop is allowed to run.
- `source_path` (String) path to the array from the entity payload


<a id="nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.mapping_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `any` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `mapping_attribute` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes--mapping_attribute))

<a id="nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes--mapping_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.mapping_attributes.mapping_attribute`

Read-Only:

- `append_value_mapper` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes--mapping_attribute--append_value_mapper))
- `copy_value_mapper` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes--mapping_attribute--copy_value_mapper))
- `set_value_mapper` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes--mapping_attribute--set_value_mapper))

<a id="nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes--mapping_attribute--append_value_mapper"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.mapping_attributes.mapping_attribute.append_value_mapper`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) - copy_if_exists - it replaces the target attribute with the source value - append_if_exists - it currently replaces target attribute with array like values. Useful when you have multiple values to be added into one attribute. - set_value - it sets a value to a predefined value. Must be used together with value property.
- `source` (String) JSON source path for the value to be extracted from the main entity. Eg: steps[1].['Product Info'].price
- `target` (String) JSON like target path for the attribute. Eg. last_name
- `target_unique` (List of String) Array of keys which should be used when checking for uniqueness. Eg: [country, city, postal_code]
- `value_json` (String) To be provided only when mapping json objects into a target attribute. Eg array of addresses.


<a id="nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes--mapping_attribute--copy_value_mapper"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.mapping_attributes.mapping_attribute.copy_value_mapper`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) - copy_if_exists - it replaces the target attribute with the source value - append_if_exists - it currently replaces target attribute with array like values. Useful when you have multiple values to be added into one attribute. - set_value - it sets a value to a predefined value. Must be used together with value property.
- `source` (String) JSON source path for the value to be extracted from the main entity. Eg: steps[1].['Product Info'].price
- `target` (String) JSON like target path for the attribute. Eg. last_name


<a id="nestedatt--targets--mapping_attributes--mapping_attribute--set_value_mapper"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.mapping_attributes.mapping_attribute.set_value_mapper`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String) - copy_if_exists - it replaces the target attribute with the source value - append_if_exists - it currently replaces target attribute with array like values. Useful when you have multiple values to be added into one attribute. - set_value - it sets a value to a predefined value. Must be used together with value property.
- `target` (String) JSON like target path for the attribute. Eg. last_name
- `value` (String) Any value to be set: string, number, string[], number[], JSON object, etc. It will override existing values, if any. Parsed as JSON.




<a id="nestedatt--targets--relation_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.relation_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `mode` (String)
- `origin` (String) Origin of an attribute.
- `related_to` (Map of String)
- `source_filter` (Attributes) A filter to identify which source entities to pick as relations from main entity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--relation_attributes--source_filter))
- `target` (String) Target attribute to store the relation in
- `target_tags` (List of String) Relation tags (labels) to set for the stored relations
- `target_tags_include_source` (Boolean) Include all relation tags (labels) present on the main entity relation

<a id="nestedatt--targets--relation_attributes--source_filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.relation_attributes.source_filter`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String) Filter by a specific relation attribute on the main entity
- `limit` (Number) Limit relations to maximum number (default, all matched relations)
- `relation_tag` (String) Filter by relation tag (label) on the main entity
- `schema` (String) Filter by specific schema
- `self` (Boolean) Picks main entity as relation (overrides other filters)
- `tag` (String) Filter by a specific tag on the related entity
